And The Last Lecture we had a look at this dot view fall and I told you that it's a great way of creating
components in future US and it is.
And indeed this apt art view file in the end only creates a component even though it might not look
like this.
We export a different object.
The name is not really required here that's optional.
Then we have our data method.
And by the fact that it's a method you can already see or tell dead we don't have a normal view instance
here.
And then this template here basically is just a template.
What we before had to specify here as template as a string.
Now with that string we had some restrictions which don't apply anymore because as I mentioned in the
last lecture this gets parsed during development and therefore transform to javascript during development.
That is the great thing here.
So we have our component here in the end.
And when we import this year the render function simply does one thing it replaces everything we control
here.
So everything in this day with the idea app with the contents or with the template and the code of our
apt odd view file.
And that is why if we have a look at the running application and we open the elements tab here that
is why we see in this day with the idea up all the content of our DOT view file is what Amanda rendered
in display is controlled by.
And in the head section as a side note you can see the stylus getting in check that as I mentioned.
So that is what we do with Dot you Fahd's we create such components.
One important note here about the data method you might not recognize the syntax you might have expected
to see something like this function.
Now you could write this code and it would run perfectly fine.
But as I told you to set up we're using here allows us to use e as 6.
And actually this is as sake's Sendak's for a function in an object.
You can write it like a method like so just the name of the method the name of the property and then
parentheses without the colon function thing.
That's one of the nice features this workflow gives us we are able to use next generation features today
but at the end everything will be transported to either five so that it runs in the browser.